- [Instructor] If you have ever used Spring Boot,
the auto-configuration is partially achieved
through component scanning
mixed with conditional configurations.
In fact for many classes external configuration isn't needed
as component scanning can solve the configuration for you.
The root annotation that is used for component scanning
is that component.
This annotation indicates
that the class should be loaded into the BeanFactory
and configured using annotations
and inspections of the class itself.
Component is the root annotation,
but there are several stereotypes of this annotation
that can be used.
Often you want to use these stereotypes like @Service
so you can write your own aspects
to add behavior to your classes based on type.
We will go through an example of that later on.
Component scanning scans the base package
and that package's sub packages
and loads configuration automatically
for each bean it finds.
It uses other annotations to direct the IOC container
to build the dependency graph.
Dependency injection is achieved
as mentioned through component scanning.
It is achieved mainly through the annotation @Autowired.
This instructs the IOC container
to inject a bean into the needed value at that point.
The Spring designers are very specific
about how you should use autowiring.
While you can put it on a class attribute,
you should only set it on methods.
This really aids in testing.
If a dependency is required
it should be set on the constructor.
If the dependency isn't it should be on the setter.
If you have more than one bean of the same type
you can use the @Qualifier annotation
to inject a specific version by name.
But I will urge some caution here.
This can be very difficult to manage in your application,
and you will often find it isn't worth the effort.
If you have properties or constants that need to be injected
you can use the @Value annotation that we've already seen
to instruct the IOC container to put a value into a variable
for use elsewhere.
To start the component scanning engine
you need to prime the pump.
You need some form of Java or XML configuration
to start component scanning on your own.
If you are using Spring Boot
you're getting auto-configuration through this method
by a special annotation @SpringBootApplication.
The base package is defined within this configuration.
Scanning occurs during startup,
and we will go through that life cycle in the next chapter.